So let's implement a model where now off middleware that actually redirects the user if he tries to
access a page which requires a vindication if he's not offended hated.
So in the middleware folder I'll add a new file which the name of J.S. no.
Copy the code from the lockjaw as malware.
But of course the logic will differ here in here.
I simply want to check whether to use or is often indicated and if he's not I want to redirect him now
to check that.
Let's go to our store first.
And then at the bottom.
I'll add a Gadar Aleta is authenticated Geter.
This is a really simple Geter that will simply recheck if we have a token or not.
If we have one the user is offene hated.
So here I will return state token an equal to know if it's not.
Now if we do have a token then the user is a FINUCAN it.
That's the logic here.
And yes the token can expire but that something will happen later.
For now does our logic.
So let's go back to the middleware to the chase file and in there.
Let's now simply check whether we do have that token for Dabi can access the store on the context object.
And there are getters and their D is authenticated Gadar which will return true or false because remember
we are returning the result of that check.
So we get true or false here.
And if this is true then everything is all right but if it's false and therefore at exclamation mark
I want to call context redirect a helper function which allows us to help redirect the request to a
different page.
In this case here I want to go to slash admin slash off.
So to our side Inforum now we just need to use that middleware and we could add it to all pages in the
admin section.
We could also added to the entire admin lay out this one.
This would almost be right.
The problem chest is the off page is also part of that layout and to this page we should actually be
able to go.
So therefore I will added manually to all these Admin Pages here.
The alternative would be to not use this admin layout on this page.
Then you could use the middleware on the overall admin layout.
So here on that we start adding the middleware.
I'll add it to my main index file here off Mitla where the index that you fall in the Edmon area.
I'll add it to new post of course because this should be protected and by the way if you want to add
multiple Middlers you can't just pass an array of strings.
This also works so this is also valid.
So this is now middleware added to the new post.
I don't want to add to my log in sign up page here.
I do want to add it to this single post page though so here.
I'll also add that middleware with that make sure to save all files and once you did this let's actually
go to slash admin you'll see that I'm redirected to the log in Forum.
Let's go to slash admin new post and I'm redirected to the app and for him to log in for him.
If I do log it though I can go to all these Obert pages.
So does this now working as it should.
We're now using middleware in an environment where it makes sense.
Still there are some things which aren't that great if we ever reload the page.
We end up back on the log in forum because our state isn't persistent.
Additionally the token return from firebase only is valid for one hour.
It's times out there after you can refresh it and you can read more about this new firebase docs.
I won't do it here but what I do want to do is I want to store it across page refreshes.
But on the aberant get rid of it once it does expire.
These are all things we'll implement over the next lectures.